male announcer:
From Comedy Central's
World News Headquarters
in New York.
"The Daily Show
with Trevor Noah" presents...
♪ ♪
[lilting string music]
- Robert Mueller
gave a list of questions
to Trump's legal team.
And those questions have now
leaked to the media.
And everyone knows, unless it's
in a hotel room in Russia,
President Trump does
not like leaks.
- The president tweeting this:
- But you can tell from this
tweet that the president
is really mad.
First off,
because he says none
of Mueller's questions
are about collusion,
which is not true,
because 14 of the questions
are about collusion.
But I guess if you round down,
14's basically zero.
And second--second,
he's really mad because he
believes that Mueller's team
leaked these questions
to the press.
But...
what if it turns out
the leak
is coming from inside
the House?
- It's very likely,
or at least it would
make a lot of sense,
that the leak would come
from Trump world.
- Because people
like us on television
would be saying that this
is a really bad idea,
and perhaps he listens
to the television
more than he listens
to his own advisers.
[laughter]
- Being Trump's lawyer
must be so exhausting.
No, just think about it.
He won't listen to you,
so you have to launder your
legal advice through the TV.
And guess which news
did exactly
what Trump's team needed.
- This garbage from
"The New York Times" tonight--
absolute garbage.
No attorney will ever
let this president
sit down with
Robert Mueller.
Half of these questions
are dumb anyway.
You know, "Oh, what was
in your mind at the time?"
You don't--you don't
punish people
or charge people
for the thoughts they
have in their head.
- You know, my favorite thing
about Sean Hannity is,
he's the wrongest
right-sounding person
you'll ever meet.
Because, you realize, you can
get charged
because of the thoughts
you had in your head.
It's called criminal intent.
It's such a basic concept
of law and order
that they put it in
the name of the show.
[laughter]
[slow piano music]
- A memo from President Trump's
lawyers
to Special Counsel
Robert Mueller
says flat out
that a president cannot
obstruct justice
because he has authority
over all federal
investigations.
- What they argue
in this memo is that
the President of the United
States,
because he's a chief
law enforcement officer,
can terminate any federal
investigation
at any time for
any reason.
- According to Donald Trump's
legal team,
the President, by definition,
cannot obstruct justice.
But even if it ever turned out
that he did obstruct justice,
they also say that
the President
can't be charged
with a crime.
- Mr. Trump's attorney,
Rudy Giuliani,
telling the
"Huffington Post"
it's impossible to
indict a sitting president,
no matter the offense,
claiming...
- Okay, okay, so the President
can't be criminally charged;
he can only be impeached
by Congress.
Now, I--I understand that
as a legal argument,
but I do think it's
a little weird
that out of all the examples
they could've picked,
they went with murdering
James Comey.
[laughter]
It almost makes me feel like
they've been thinking
about this.
[Russian folk music]
♪ ♪
- Before heading
to the summit,
President Trump
spurred controversy
by saying he wants Russia to
be welcomed back into the G8.
- We have a world
to run,
and in the G7,
which used to be the G8,
they threw Russia out.
They should let
Russia come back in,
because we should
have Russia
at the negotiating
table.
- I don't know if Trump
colluded with Russia,
but if everyone was accusing me
of colluding with Russia,
I wouldn't be caught dead
mentioning their name.
Like, if your girlfriend
accused you
of cheating with Keisha,
even if you didn't do it,
just shut up about Keisha.
[laughter]
Just shut up.
"Hey, babe, you know who we
should invite to the party?
Keisha."
"Nigga, I know you didn't just
bring up Keisha.
I know you did not just
bring up Keisha."
[applause]
But clearly--clearly Trump
doesn't know how to take
a clue,
because he kept bringing up
Keisha
all weekend long.
- Some people like the idea
of bringing Russia back in.
This used to be the G8.
Not the G7.
And something happened
a while ago where, uh,
Russia is no longer in.
I think it would be an asset
to have Russia back in.
- Crimea was let go during
the Obama administration.
And, you know, Obama can say
all he wants,
but he allowed Russia
to take Crimea.
- Ah, okay, okay.
That makes sense.
Russia annexing Crimea wasn't
really a big deal.
But we must never forgive Obama
for letting them commit
this atrocity!
Which was not a big deal
at all.
I mean, who even knows what
a Crimea is, anyway?
I mean, it's just a random
little place
whose blood is in
Obama's hands!
Anyway, I think we should
invite Keisha.
That's what I'm saying.
- If your name--
if your name is Vladimir Putin,
then today was a very good day.
Because today, the President
of the United States
took your side in a fight
between you
and the United States.
- Breaking news:
siding with Putin.
President Trump comes out
of his meeting
with the Russian president
and rebukes
U.S. intelligence agencies.
- I think
the press conference
was the single most
embarrassing
performance by
an American president
on the world stage
that I've ever seen.
- Damn.
The most embarrassing
performance
by an American president.
Do you know how hard it is
to achieve that?
George H.W. Bush
once threw up
on the Japanese prime minister.
And Trump is now on top.
When they set up this meeting
last month,
no one knew what it was meant
to be about, right?
They never knew what
the meeting was for.
They didn't know if it was
gonna be about nuclear weapons.
Was it gonna be about
the war in Syria,
missile defenses in Europe?
I mean, maybe it was just
gonna be Trump
going in to see Putin for
his annual performance review.
No one knew what it was.
The meeting had no agenda,
right?
But then on Friday,
Robert Mueller
dropped the bombshell
directly charging 12 Russian
military intelligence officers
with hacking Democrats
during the presidential
campaign
in an effort to sway
the election,
which was major news.
So now, the formerly
purposeless meeting
between Trump and Putin
had a meaning.
All right?
It was time for Trump
to put his foot down.
And he did.
Right on America's dick.
- Just now,
President Putin denied
having anything to do with
the election interference
in 2016.
Every U.S. intelligence
agency
has concluded that
Russia did.
Who do you believe?
- All I can do is
ask the question.
My people came to me,
Dan Coats came to me,
and some others.
They said, "They think
it's Russia."
Uh, I have
President Putin.
He just said
it's not Russia.
I will say this:
I don't see any reason
why it would be.
- Really?
You don't see any reason not
to trust Vladimir Putin?
The man was a top KGB spy.
He'll steal the shirt
off your back.
Hell, he stole the shirt
off his own back.
You can't trust this man.
- The President chose Russia
in front of everyone.
- You cannot cut deals
with the devil,
and you can never
trust Russia.
- Now, look, President Trump
is no stranger to criticism.
Right? But it's not often
that even his closest allies
slam his actions.
Even Newt Gingrich,
former Speaker of the House
and swollen Mike Pence,
tweeted that this was
"the most serious mistake"
of Trump's presidency
and that he must clarify
what he meant.
So, just like after Trump
praised
the Charlottesville Nazis,
today the President
was forced to come out
and pretend to believe
something
different than what he said.
And I don't know if you guys
believe in omens,
but watch what happened.
- Let me begin by
saying that,
uh, once again,
full faith
and support for America's
intelligence agencies.
I have a full faith
in our intelligence
agencies.
Oops, they just
turned off the light.
That must be
the intelligence agencies.
[laughter]
There it goes.
Okay.
You guys okay?
Good.
That was strange.
- I like how he's checking
if everyone else is okay,
but if you look at his
body language,
he was like,
"I have full faith--"
and when the lights come on,
he's like,
"Everyone else okay?
"I'm cool. I'm cool.
You guys okay? I'm cool.
I wasn't scared at all.
I'm cool."
But that was insane.
Trump tried to claim that he
believes the intel agencies,
and then the lights went off.
It's like even electricity
is tired of Trump's bullshit.
It was just like, no.
Like, I wouldn't be shocked
if one day,
Trump just starts floating
because gravity's like,
"Enough of this.
I'm out. I'm out.
I can't deal with this guy."
He said when it came
to hacking,
"I don't know why
it would be Russia."
Would be.
Then he flies back to America
and all of a sudden
that's changed.
How do you convince people
that one flight
changed your mind completely?
Well, the answer is,
not like this.
- I thought it
would be obvious,
but I would like
to clarify,
just in case it wasn't.
At a key sentence
in my remarks,
I said the word
"would" instead of "wouldn't."
The sentence
should have been,
"I don't see any
reason why I wouldn't--
or why it wouldn't
be Russia."
So...
just to repeat it,
I said the word
"would" instead of "Wouldn't."
[laughter]
- Oh, you know what...
no, you know what?
That--that makes sense.
I actually believe Trump
on this,
and I...
hold on, sorry, let me just
check my notes.
Oh, sorry, what I meant
to say was,
"Get the [bleep] out
of here, man."
[cheers and applause]
[Russian folk music]
Michael Cohen.
Up until recently,
he was known as Donald Trump's
personal attorney,
right-hand man, and a guy
who you're pretty sure
swallows a lot of bees.
But as loyal as Cohen
was to Trump,
everyone always suspected
that he would flip on him
if it came down to it.
Well, now we're down to it.
And Cohen is doing somersaults.
- Michael Cohen claims that
then-candidate Trump
knew in advance
about the June 2016 meeting
in Trump tower
in which Russians were
expected
to offer his campaign dirt
on Hillary Clinton.
He was informed
by Donald Trump, Jr.
about that offer.
- Wow.
That is shocking information.
Donald Trump had an actual,
in-person conversation
with one of his sons.
[laughter]
Also...
[cheers and applause]
Also, this--this Russia thing
is pretty big, I guess,
but, I mean...
yeah, because if they--
if they can prove
that Trump knew that his
campaign was meeting
with the Russians,
it would go a long way
towards proving collusion.
So Trump
knows that he needs backup,
which is why he immediately
sent out the Bat signal.
Unfortunately,
all he got was the Bat Boy.
But the thing about Rudy is,
just when you think he's
backed into a corner,
he finds an even tighter
corner.
- Cohen, you know,
always goes too far.
When you're lying,
there's always a trap for you.
So he said there was
a one-on-one meeting,
that Donald, Jr. came in
and told him about the meeting
that was about to take place.
Well, there are two witnesses
who say it didn't happen.
- The President and his son?
- All right.
All right.
All right, fine.
You got me with your
very first rebuttal,
and that has completely
destroyed my argument.
All right, all right,
I see how any thinking person
could parry that attack I made,
all right.
I see.
Because, come on, man.
I mean, props.
Props to Giuliani for trying.
But the reasoning can't be
that the crime didn't happen
because the people
accused of the crime
say it didn't happen.
That's not what a witness is.
That's not how it works.
You can't be like,
"Well, Your Honor,
"I witnessed myself
"not robbing the bank,
so cased closed.
Let's go spend this money."
Oomp-oomp-oomp.
- President Trump's
former lawyer
and fixer
Michael Cohen
dropping a bombshell
in federal court,
pleading guilty
to lying to Congress
about how much
the President knew
about a potential
Trump Tower project in Russia
during the campaign
out of loyalty
to President Trump.
While Cohen told
Congress last fall
that the Moscow project
ended in January 2016,
he now admits discussions
about the project
lasted as late as
approximately June 2016
when Trump was the presumptive
Republican
presidential nominee.
- That's right,
former Trump lawyer
and human Eeyore
Michael Cohen...
[laughter]
Is admitting that he lied
to Congress
about Trump's real estate
dealings with Russia.
And these aren't like your
typical Trump real estate lies,
like, "Of course we installed
smoke detectors."
No, this lie is way more
important,
because it puts Trump's contact
with Russia much closer
to him being president.
Right? In January 2016,
Trump was just one of 17
possible morons
who could become the GOP
nominee.
But by June,
he was the only moron
who could become the nominee.
Why deal with Russia at all
while you're running for
President of the United States?
Why not just avoid
the conflict altogether?
Well, turn to page bullshit
to find out.
- I was running my business
while I was campaigning.
There was a good chance
that I wouldn't have won,
in which case I would've gone
back into the business,
and why should I lose
lots of opportunities?
- Hold on, hold on, hold on,
hold on, whoa.
Wait, did you hear
what he just said?
Wait, he said the reason that
he didn't stop
his business dealings is
because he also thought
he would lose.
He just said that. He said,
"There was a good chance--
a good chance that
I wouldn't have won."
Well, that--yeah,
I agree with him now.
[laughter]
No, because before,
I was like,
yeah, I'm against him,
but in Trump's defense,
I understand why he did it.
Like, I would have told him
to do the same thing.
If in 2016, Trump came up to me
and he's like, "Trevor,
"do you think I should
shut down my business
in case I become president?"
I'd be like, "Donald,
there's no danger of that
happening, my friend."
[lilting string music]
- Another shocking report
in "The New York Times."
The paper claimed the FBI
opened a counterintelligence
investigation into whether
the President was acting
on behalf of the Russians
when he fired FBI director
James Comey.
Last night on Fox News, the
President asked point blank
whether he worked
on behalf of Russia.
- Are you now or have you ever
worked for Russia,
Mr. President?
- I think it's the most
insulting thing
I've ever been asked.
- How is that the most
insulting question
he's ever been asked?
I mean, people have been
asking him
if he wants to bang
his daughter,
but that is more insulting?
Yeah, "The other question
was way more reasonable.
I mean, we've all seen her,
right? We've all seen her."
But yes, "The New York Times"
reported
that the FBI investigated
Donald Trump
because they thought he
might be a secret Russian spy,
which, I'm sorry,
is just crazy--
not because he wouldn't do it,
but because Donald Trump would
be the world's worst spy.
No one would hire him.
Right?
He--he can't be a spy.
He doesn't even have
an inside voice.
[laughter]
He'd be out there like,
"Thank you for meeting me
"under this bridge
to exchange these top-secret
documents!"
[laughter]
I don't think Trump
is a Russian spy.
All right? But I won't lie,
it doesn't help his case
when he's doing
stuff like this.
- A bombshell report
in the "Washington Post"
claiming President Trump
went to, quote...
The "Post" reporting
that at that private meeting
in Hamburg back in 2017,
the President confiscated
his own interpreter's notes,
shutting out members
of the administration.
- Now, you got to admit,
that's real shady, right?
Because now everyone wants
to know,
what did he say to Putin
that was so bad
he couldn't let anyone else
see it?
Could've been collusion.
Could've been something worse.
You know, like maybe Trump
said, "I love you."
[laughter]
And then Putin replied,
"Thank you."
In which case, I'm with Trump.
You can never let that get out.
[jaunty folk music]
Collusion.
It's the big question about
the Trump campaign and Russia.
But one place where there's
definitely no collusion
is between Rudy Giuliani's
brain and his mouth.
- In a new interview,
the President's personal
attorney, Rudy Giuliani,
says he cannot say if Trump
campaign officials
colluded with Russia during
the 2016 campaign.
- False reporting is saying
that there has been no
suggestion
of any kind of collusion
between the campaign
and any Russian.
- Well, you just misstated
my position.
I never said there was no
collusion between the campaign
or between people
in the campaign.
- Yes, you have.
- I have no idea if--
I have not. I said the
President of the United States.
[laughter]
- Wait.
Hold on, hold on.
Did Giuliani just admit
that there was collusion?
[audience shouting] Yes!
- I think he did.
And look at their faces.
Like...
neither of them can believe
what just happened.
[laughter]
Like--like, Cuomo looks like
a valedictorian caveman
and Giuliani looks like if
Gollum realized
he just left his wallet
in an Uber.
He's just like,
"My precious!"
- Breaking news tonight.
Longtime Trump ally
and adviser
Roger Stone indicted by Special
Counsel Robert Mueller's
grand jury and arrested
in an early morning raid
on his Florida home.
- FBI agents
in bulletproof vests
descending
on his home,
guns drawn.
- Stone was indicted
on five counts
of false statements,
one count of obstruction,
and one count of witness
tampering.
- That's right.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller
has now charged
a sixth associate
of Donald Trump.
This time it was Roger Stone,
personal adviser
to the President
and what Mike Pence
would look like
after one drink.
Now...
usually...
usually,
when someone in
President Trump's circle
comes under investigation,
Trump downplays his
connection to them.
That's what he does.
You know, it's like how Trump
said that Paul Manafort
was barely on the campaign
or that George Papadopoulos
was a coffee boy
or Jared Kushner was just
his [bleep]-blocker.
But Trump might have
a harder time
dismissing Roger Stone,
and not just because
Stone dresses
like he crashes
British weddings,
but also because a big question
in this investigation
is whether the Trump campaign
coordinated with WikiLeaks
to release Hillary's
hacked emails, right?
And in his indictments,
Mueller says that Roger Stone
was directed to contact
WikiLeaks
by someone in the Trump
campaign.
Now, was that someone
Trump himself?
We don't know.
But if it wasn't Trump,
you would expect his people
to just come out and say so.
But instead, they're avoiding
the question
like it's a friend's
poetry reading.
- The charges brought
against Mr. Stone
have nothing to do
with the President.
That's what I'm clear on,
and that's what I can
tell you about it today.
- You keep telling me
you're clear on that,
but then you will not answer
whether it was
the President who directed a
senior Trump campaign official
to contact Roger Stone,
and you may not know.
You may not know.
All I'm saying--
- I actually have answered
the question several times.
You just don't like my answer.
- No, no, no, no.
You--you haven't told--
- Those two things
aren't the same.
- Well, did the President
know or not?
Did--was it the President who
made that direction or not?
- Uh, once again, I--
I haven't read this document.
- Okay.
- I'm not an attorney.
I'm not gonna be able
to get into the weeds
on those specifics.
- That's right,
I'm not an attorney.
I can't tell you
what the truth is.
I'm not qualified.
[laughter]
Like, is it just me,
or does Sarah Huckabee Sanders
say all Trump people
had nothing to do with Trump
whenever shit hits the fan?
I feel like this whole thing
is gonna end
with her coming out like,
"Uh, Donald Trump had nothing
to do
"with the Trump presidency.
"He was totally out
of the loop.
Practically made zero
decisions at all."